# Doing-Business-in-Free-Zones
Fujairah (in Arabic: الفجيرة‎ Al Fuǧaira) is one of the seven emirates of the United Arab Emirates, It is the stand out of the seven that has a coastline exclusively on the Gulf of Oman and none on the Persian Gulf. Fujairah is a simple an hour and a half drive time from Sharjah, under two hours from Dubai, and only three and a half hours from Abu Dhabi. More than a quarter million individuals of different nationalities, including Emirates, possess this Emirate of 1450 sq kms   Fujairah's economy depends on appropriations and government awards circulated by the administration of Abu Dhabi. Neighborhood industry comprises of ­­cement, stone squashing, mining and tourism. Fujairah turns into a critical vacationer destination in U.A.E with its common magnificence, Sandy shorelines, Historical attractions, mountains and Oases. There is a prospering facilitated commerce zone, also, settled aftercthe achievement of the Dubai Free Zone Authority set up around Jebel Ali Port. Since the foundation of an organized commerce zone over 10 years prior, business action in the Emirates has prospered. As all over UAE, in Fujairah nonnatives can't claim more than 49% of any business, expect in the free zone, where a full outside possession is permitted.   Because of its key position with the UAE's just access to the Indian Ocean, Fujairah has a clamoring, vital multipurpose port. Actually, Fujairah is a noteworthy bunkering port (it positions as one of the main three bunkering areas on the planet) with expansive scale shipping operations occurring each day. Shipping and send related administrations are flourishing organizations of this emirate, because of a simplicity of logistic backing and a key geological
